1. It is important to put thought into IDs & Classes when it comes to technology intersections because it is the link between HTML, CSS and JavaScript. In order to access one element ID or class in one file the name should be specific, unique and not random. If generic names are used it might cause unintended bugs. It also makes it easier to maintain code.
2. Data attributes are customizable attributes that allow a programmer to store information on HTML elements without having to use non standard attributes. They are useful because you can store backend and frontend information on an element for JavaScript to use later. For javaScript you access them using dataset property and CSS you access them through attribute selectors. The implications for microdata are that it won't help other people understand the content because data attributes are for private application use.
3. DOM fragment is a lightweight version of DOM, which is a container that holds a group of nodes but is not part of the active document tree. It is powerful because of its performance optimization because it reduces reflows by minimizing direct ineractions with the live DOM tree.
4. The virtual DOM is a lightweight JavaScript representation of the real DOM. The gains are efficiency and the losses are in memory and complexity because you are keeping two versions of the UI in memory.
5. When DOM API was created, class was a reserved keyword in JavaScrpt so they created className to avoid conflicting syntax.
6. addEventListener(), allows you to attach multiple listeners to the same event on the same elemnt and provides control over the event phase at the expense of more lengthy syntax. Whereas onClick() is simple to write for simplier tasks at the expense of limiting ability, you can only attach one function to the event.